2015-11-08
==========
The DBH model is very simple, just a linear regression of the
difference in DBH with size (T1_DBH) and height ratio as covariates
and with random effects for plot and species.

Questions
* Is there a way to tie individuals in MCNallDBH.csv to individuals in
  the RWL files in plot-data/?

Yes, there is...
Take for example the first rwl file (containing tree ring data): 113.rwl
The first line is labeled 1131366A1950
The first 3 digits are the plot number (113)
the following 4 digits are the tree number (1366)
the letter A is a convention (normally there would be an A and B core for each tree,
we only took one core per tree, so these are all labeled "A")
and the last 4 digits are the decade label

The tree number 1366 will be found in the csv file with the DBH data, in plot 113

et viola...

* Could we legitimately calculate a difference in DBH for the
  individuals where we have growth increments by summing the growth
  increments? If so, should we use the detrended data or the raw data?
  (I'd be inclined to use the raw data, but what do I know?)
* With only two times when DBH is measured, there isn't a way to
  relate environment to the DBH difference, since there's only one
  environment integrated over that time period (even though we have
  monthly data). Do we have access to data with more than two time
  periods at which DBH was measured? If not, we'll need data from
  sites with different environmental covariates to make any progress.
  In any case we'll have to restrict our attention to a number of
  environmental covariates smaller than the number of time periods or
  the number of sites (or their product if we have both).

Before we start trying to tie the growth increment regression with the
DBH regression, I'd like to see some data where we can include some
environmental covariates to the DBH. That means either additional
sites (with new PRISM data for each site) or additional time periods
at this site. I'm guessing additional sites is our only option. Am I
right?

My thought would be to use results from the growth increment
regression to identify a small number of covariates (averaged over
appropriate time intervals) to include in the DBH regression.
